alright interstellar trailer reaction
and review
you're a well-educated man coupe a
trained pilot and an engineer the world
doesn't need any more engineers
they didn't want out of planes and
television set who ran out of food
why did you need me after something
that's bad oh we didn't Murphy's Law
Murphy's Law does mean something bad Wow
it means that whatever can happen what
we must confront the reality that
nothing in our service system can help
us now you need to tell me here is your
finances in the world
they're not meant to save the world
we meant to leave it and this is the
mission people trained for and got kids
professor get out there and save them
we must reach far beyond our own
lifespans
you must think not as individuals
and as species
we must confront the reality of
interstellar travel
I love you forever
well anything um the girl in there she
awfully seriously not joking thank you a
typical Christopher Nolan type stuff
stunning visuals keeping the secrecy
alive once again I do know a little bit
about interstellar I've looked up a few
things about apparently I'm not sure if
it's in the future not-too-distant
future or if it's so present-day but the
world basically has run out of food it
seems and they had that in the trailer
where we don't need any more engineers
we need more food so the idea is to use
newly discovered interstellar travel by
traveling through wormholes and Michael
Caine appears to be involved with that
and the other people who are talking to
Cooper which is who is played by Matthew
McConaughey the idea is to get across
the galaxy by this new technology I
knows never possible for us so it seems
like Matthew McConaughey and hathaways
another Explorer there might even be a
couple more they're gonna be going on
this interstellar voyage to hopefully
save mankind I don't know if to bring a
new food back to earth or if to start
growing food another planet I'm not
completely sure it's just it's typical
Christopher Nolan stuff so my
expectations for this movie I predicted
this movie will win Best Picture next
year I think Nolan is finally taking
enough time where he's gonna craft this
perfect masterpiece I loved Inception I
love the prestige my favorites obviously
the Dark Knight trilogy I'm a big Batman
fan I think no one's probably the best
director around right now I still think
Spielberg's the best all-time but right
now I think Nolan's the best just the
way with the cinematography his story
his characters I mean there's really
nothing more I can say about the music
was phenomenal finished trailer I'm not
sure if that was Hans Zimmer's score yet
or if they just pull it from another
trailer movie which is what trailers do
all
time but just the trailer with the music
it's just outstanding Matthew
McConaughey was really turned his career
around he's in another fantastic movie
it seems he was a mud
I just wanted an Oscar for Dallas buyers
club so I think he just made another
good choice by being in Christopher
Nolan's Zoo movie I mean the family
aspects involved once again no or
McConaughey has to leave his family to
go on this voyage so that's definitely
one thing but this whole interstellar
voyage I have no idea what it's actually
like I've kind of looked it up but all I
know is that you use wormholes to get
across these far reaches of the galaxy
and the guy who came up with it I
believe this Kip Thorne or something
like that and he is an executive
producer for this film so you know
that's that's pretty impressive use the
guy who came up with the interstellar
theory as a producer so Nolan's movies
are usually very grounded realistic
movies like The Dark Knight trilogy that
was most realistic Batman I think you
can do inception realistic if you want
to look at it that way even though
involves dreams prestige very realistic
just magic movie I mean all Nolan's
movies are just something different it
seems so I'm thinking her celery's gonna
be another grape Nolan movie I think
it's probably Ria's best movie and I
think this is gonna win Best Picture
great trailer see if we'll get another
trailer in a couple of months but till
then we'll just have to wait till
November wait